make positional parameters more searchable (#1859)
nushell/nushell.github.io: book/scripts.md

## Parameterizing Scripts

> Script files can optionally contain a special "main" command. `main` will be run after any other Nu code, and is primarily used to add parameters to scripts, like POSIX positional parameters. You can pass arguments to scripts after the script name (`nu <script name> <script args>`).

Reviewer: Thanks for tweaking this, I think there is nothing particularly POSIX about how we handle arguments so I would say 

`like positional parameters or flags`

> Script files can optionally contain a special "main" command. `main` will be run after any other Nu code, and is primarily used to add parameters to scripts, like POSIX positional parameters. You can pass arguments to scripts after the script name (`nu <script name> <script args>`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Script files can optionally contain a special "main" command. `main` will be run after any other Nu code, and is primarily used to allow positional parameters and flags in scripts. You can pass arguments to scripts after the script name (`nu <script name> <script args>`).
```
